Welcome step 13 of the Course will do.
We're almost done in terms the what why and how of Sept. 13.
I'll kick off the what.
What are we going to learn.
We will learn what to include in our appendix like resumes or product brochures or anything you want
to include that will really help the reader of your business plan more thoroughly understand your company
knows move on.
Why.
Why do we bother creating an appendix part of your business plan.
It's because some readers of your business plan will likely have additional questions about topics that
you have already covered but not in enough detail like the background of our employees or or the technical
or additional details of your product or services that is included in a brochure or other documents.
Now this part of the business plan also serves the purpose of letting you include other miscellaneous
documents that your reader might ask questions about and by including exhibits.
It allows the reader to understand how well-thought out your business plan is and if they if they think
that your business plan is extraordinarily thorough and complete and well-thought out then they're more
likely to approve of your business plan is more likely to invest as well if applicable.
I know some of you might want to include some of the financial statements in this section 13 here mean
the appendix instead of Step 12.
And that's cool.
That's completely your call and what we'll do is we'll discuss exactly how to do this if applicable.
When we discuss how to assemble your final output for your business plan which is my favorite part.
OK so if you're creating a presentation output as well as part of this course then what you can meaning
in this presentation putting here the slides then you could also include the contents of your presentation
in the appendix.
If you want to and I will explain exactly how to do this in a lot of detail in the final output part
of this course which again is my favorite part of the course.
It's a lot of fun.
OK Leslie how how are we going to complete the appendix step.
Well this step is really easy as all we do is we just click on the green inputs analysis button and
then we answer just a couple of basic questions.
Assan which are optional as always then if you click on the outputs button here in step 13 you'll see
an informational kind of a visual representation or placeholders of what your appendix appendix might
look like.
And please don't spend much time on this though at all.
Can't think the output part of part 13 because what we're going to do is we're going to assemble your
appendix when we complete the final output of your business plan.
Thanks.